# storeproject1
This is kind of E-commerse website which i created by my own. here we have user logins,i have restricted some features ,because that features have to worked after the user login.for example add to cart option and profile option of the user. in the home page i displayed all the products. i have created by taking dummy data. here i have used my sqldatabase as backend. if the products are added after the user login i have given delete option to the particular product. every user can edit his/her personal details with the edit option with the help of my account option user can see his/her own details with the help of categories drop down on the header we can easily see the related products by clicking the option here,search is the main feature,here we can see all the products populated when we place a curser on the search field . after selected the products from the search field by clicking search button that will show you all the details of the product. under slidebar option in shop header i have sorted products from price high to low,low-high .so, accoring to the user it will show the price range. user can see his cart products only if he/she is loggod in . if the user trys to see with out loggin it will redirect to login page to login the user. after the user signin i have given logout option in order to end the session.so it will come to the home page after the user logout. for the friendly usage of the site i have used categories at the bottom in slide bar to get an clear idea of the particular catorgies products. at the bottom of the footer i have given option to suscribe the user at news letter.if the user enter his/her mail id.They will recieve an email containing the message thanks for subscribing us.i have done this by configuring the email settings in settings.py in my project folder. the user can see his selected products by clicking Myorders option which i have given .here user can manage his products by deleting products and can empty the cart. by increasing the quantity for the product we can update at the cart count value.
